### Task #1

The problems were generated by livewire upgrading to version 3. Moved UserTable.php from app/Http/Livewire to app/Livewire and added the live modifier to wire:model.debounce.300ms, because in Livewire v3 wire:model sends request only on page reload.

### Task #2

User::create([]) mass assigns attributes. I added 'email' to the $fillable array, which allows the 'email' attribute it to be used during mass assignment.

### Task #3

Refactored the user registration logic so that it is handled by the UserRegistrationService.

Created the UserServiceProvider and bound the UserRegistrationService there to adhere to Laravel best practices and allow future extension of application logic

### Task #4

Changed the app to use soft deletes. Added the SoftDeletes trait to the User model and created a db migration to support this.

Moved the soft delete logic to a newly created UserManagementService. Added there the permanently delete and restore logic.

Refactored UserTable to use UserManagementService.

Bound the UserManagementService to UserServiceProvider for future extension.

Updated profile test to ensure test_user_can_delete_their_account passes with soft deleted user

### Task #5

Created a CustomVerifyEmail notification that uses the translated text and includes the additional line. 

Overrid the sendEmailVerificationNotification method in the MustVerifyEmail trait to use the CustomVerifyEmail notification.

This ensures that further updates will keep the translated text as well as the additional line. Also, it allows for further customization of the email sent for verification.

### Task #6
Created the WelcomeMail notification. This is sent after the Verified event (after the user verfied their email).

### Task #7
Implemented middleware to restrict access to dashboard/users for any other roles than admin and editor. 

Modified navigation to only show the Users link to admin and editor roles

Modified UserTable to allow deletion only for admin users and user-table.blade.php to only show the delete button for admin users

### Task #8
Implemented the middleware to log all incoming request headers, except for the ones containing sensitive inforation (authorization, cookies, set-cookies, x-csrf-token etc.)

Created a sepparate logging channel , request-headers, to handle logging to the right files, as it creates a sepparate file for each day (and keeps it for 14 days)

### Task #9
Created the api/me endpoint for the route that returns the user info. Created the UserController for the api request and a UserResource resource to return the specified information.

### Task #10
Created the models and migrations for cities, counties and regions 

Created the import:cities artisan command that imports the data from the csv file to the database

### Task #11
Added the accuweather widget to the dashboard with Alpine. Created the accuweather blade and included it in dashboard. Wrote the JS code in accuweather.js

### Task #11
Implemented the users table with DataTables. Added the implementation on the same page as the one with livewire, for comparrison purposes.